Add certificate disclaimer for TLS encryption (#8316)
hashicorp/consul: website/pages/docs/agent/encryption.mdx

All nodes within a Consul cluster must share the same encryption key in
order to send and receive cluster information.

> ~> Certificates need to be created with x509v3 extended Usage attributes for both clientAuth and serverAuth since Consul uses a single cert/key pair for both server and client communications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> Certificates need to be created with x509v3 extendedKeyUsage attributes for both clientAuth and serverAuth since Consul uses a single cert/key pair for both server and client communications.
```
